Hey. look.
Oh. wow.
I feel like I'm dreaming.
I told you you'd love it.
I had to work up the courage.
You've had your pilot's
license for all of a month.
Had no faith.
Now. look.
Wow.
It's amazing.
Now. look. Kate.
Griffith Park Observatory.
Our first date.
Best day of my life.
- I'm gonna swing us back around. okay?
- Okay.
Crap.
- Aah. aah!
- This is not good.
What's not? What? What's happening?
Uh. th-there's a binder under your seat.
Grab it. Last page is a checklist.
Um. uh. okay.
- Uh...
- Now. last one.
Okay. Okay. here.
"Emergency landing
without engine power"?
Read the list. babe.
- Um. "Airspeed 65 knots."
- Check.
- "Mixture idle cutoff."
- "Verify flight ring is engaged."
- Check.
"Initiate engagement process."
- "Confirm pilot is head over heels in love
with the passenger."
Check.
"Will the pilot promise
to love and cherish
the passenger until his dying day?"
Double check.
- I love you so much. Kate.
- I hate you.
What do you say? Like it?
Will you be my copilot?
Kate.
Hey. Kate. Kate?
- What's wrong?
- Aah!
Kate! Kate! Kate!
_
Oh. okay.
Tell me what happened up there. sir.
Was she complaining of
chest pain or nausea?
No. no. nothing. She just passed out.
Is she on any medications?
Uh. yeah. uh. some kind
of thyroid medication.
but nothing serious.
I can't believe I did
this. I think I did this.
Did what. sir?
I-I pretended there was
something wrong with the plane.
Why would you do that?
I had a proposal written out
on the emergency instructions.
- I was gonna propose on Valentine's Day
- Okay. Um...
and I don't want to be so on the nose.
so I thought I'd do it a few days early.
Okay. okay. listen to me.
You have to get her on the ground.
Have you notified Air Traffic Control?
Yeah. yeah. they said I could touch down
at Burbank Airport in 15 minutes.
Is there any place closer
where you could make
an emergency landing?
Get off. Get off.
Brakes. brakes. brakes.
- All right. let's put her over here.
- Okay.
Does she have any
history of heart problems?
No. she's only 32.
How does this happen?
Blood pressure's 80/40.
Still dropping.
Hen. looks like a possible heart attack.
Nitro sublingual.
- Hey. Abbs. I'm-I'm on a call.
- Okay. but don't hang up.
I'm the one who took the call you're on.
Listen. after he told me
about the stunt that he pulled
and he told me about her condition.
I called her doctor.
Wait. wh-what stunt?
Oh. he didn't tell you?
Romeo faked an air emergency.
You faked an emergency?
I was proposing.
I thought I was being romantic.
The doctor says
she's on levothyroxine
for her thyroid condition.
which you know can
'cause heart palpitations.
Guys. she's on levothyroxine.
Not a heart attack.
Broken heart syndrome?
- That's what I'm thinking.
- Okay.
- I'll get the adenosine.
- That's a real thing?
Mimics the symptoms of a heart attack.
It was probably brought on
by her thyroid medication
and you nearly scaring
her half to death.
You don't treat it the
same as a cardiac event.
That nitro we almost gave her
could've caused some real damage.
All right. she's coming
to. She's coming to.
That's it. Take some deep breaths.
Good call. Abby. She's.
uh. she's conscious.
She's conscious. she's conscious.
- You're okay.
Deep breaths. deep breaths.
Oh. baby. thank God.
All right. you think you can sit up?
Here. take it slowly.
Can I see the ring again?
Wait. what's happening?
I think she's actually
considering his proposal.
Yes.
She said yes.
And she smacked him.
Love hurts.
- Synced and corrected by VitoSilans -
-- www.Addic7ed.com --
Good. All right.
Now. three tablespoons of sugar.
The tablespoons are
the bigger ones. Mom.
I know.
Let her remember.
Remember? Mom.
- What?
- Remember what?
Honestly? I think this is the first time
I've ever seen you bake anything.
Uh. excuse me? Oh.
I mean. Dad always did the cooking.
Well. I made plenty of reservations.
And now you're making
Valentine's cookies.
I love Valentine's Day.
It's. like. the one day of the year
we can be sappy and romantic
and in love with love.
So. then. why are you dating
a guy who only likes
to bone on the phone?
We're not dating. Carla.
Although he did invite me to
the party at the firehouse.
I don't know. It's
getting kind of irritating.
I mean. I'm fine with
him being a boy toy.
You know. I'm all right with that.
But he's so afraid he's gonna
do something wrong or hurt me
or something.
Frankly. I just want to
put on some fancy underwear.
and...
get my hair done. and go out.
and have a nice time and feel special.
Amen to that.
Well. maybe if Buck
doesn't pull through.
we'll all do a girls' night.
- Ooh.
- No. No way.
A woman like you. smart and
sexy with hair like an angel
deserves a real Valentine's Day.
If he doesn't want to give
it to you. honey. then...
sayonara. fireboy.
Oh. yes.
Okay.
God. I hate Valentine's Day.
Everywhere you look. it's
perfume ads. candy ads.
jewelry ads. It is a fake holiday
designed by women to make guys
feel guilty and go into debt.
You think it's just women
who run the companies
that are trying to
sell you those things?
Well. they're at least in on it.
Well. I know plenty of women...
who don't like Valentine's Day
and plenty of guys who love it.
You?
Yeah.
Here and there. I've been known
since I was about eight years
old to like Valentine's Day.
And after I met my wife.
I'll tell you what...
you have someone to share it with.
it could be pretty great.
You must miss her a
lot on Valentine's Day.
Miss her every day. Buck.
Miss her every day.
Welcome back. Chim.
Aw. you guys.
How does it feel to be back?
Uh. beats the alternative.
Seriously. though. everybody.
uh. one thing I
realized while I was gone
is that. uh. I really need you people
like I need a hole in the head!
Oh! I cannot.
Place hasn't been the
same without you. Chim.
You're the heart of this firehouse.
I'm glad to have you back.
Thanks. Bobby.
Hey. you had a lot of
people praying for you.
not just this department. either.
Well. I think somebody was listening.
Even the doctors kept
using the word "miracle."
I guess if you're gonna
have a piece of rebar
that's sticking through your
skull. that's the way to do it.
- So not even a headache?
- Just you. Buck.
- Oh. Shade. shade. shade. shade. shade.
- Oh. that's not funny.
- Shade. shade.
- All right. Let's light you up
- so you can make a wish.
- All right.
All right. who's got a match?
Really?
Firehouse and nobody's got a match?
- Hi.
Can I help you?
Yeah. uh. I'm here for the party.
Oh. you're a friend
of Chimney's. Come on.
No. I'm not a friend.
I mean. I feel like
I know Chimney. but...
'cause I feel like I...
You're... are you Captain Nash?
- Yeah.
I'm sorry. who are you?
Abby Clark. a friend of Buck's.
Oh. you're the woman from the phone.
- Yes...
- 911 operator.
- Right. Yes. yes. yes.
- Yeah. yeah. yeah.
- Hey. Abby.
- Hi.
- You showed. That's so cool.
How are you doing? It's good to see you.
- Hi.
- Hey.
- And you brought cookies.
- I brought cookies.
Come on up.
Uh. so. everyone. um.
this is Abby Clark.
She is L.A.'s fiercest 911 operator
and she brought cookies. so...
Ah. there you go.
Come on in.
This is. uh. this is Chimney.
- The-the guy...
- Hi.
- Hi. Nice to meet you.
- Hi. How are you doing?
- This is Ab-Abby.
- Oh. I'm good.
- I can barely feel it now.
- Oh. great.
Uh. would you like some cake?
- No. I'm good. Thank you.
- Okay.
Uh. okay. come on. come on. There's...
- It's nice to meet you.
- You. too.
I was gonna light the candle.
- You couldn't wait for me?
- Are you serious?
I get dumped after surviving
rebar through my skull
and he ends up with her?
What's that kid have that I don't?
Forget I asked.
- You want some ice cream?
- Yes.
- All right.
- I want a lot of ice cream.
Oh. God.
- It's cool. right?
- Yeah. it's...
that's one thing to say about it.
- It's cool.
- Hey.
- Hey. Oh. how are you?
- Yeah.
- Nice to see you.
- You. too.
- How's your mom doing?
- Oh. you know what.
she's doing fine. Thank you.
Thanks for asking.
- Hi.
I'm Hen.
Hi. Hen. I'm Abby.
I work with your boy here.
- Glad to know you really exist.
- Mm.
Thanks.
He talks about you all the time.
Really?
Little. Little bit.
So. where's he taking you?
Valentine's Day tomorrow.
Oh. we. uh...
- We hadn't really. uh...
- Don't. We don't have a plan.
Yeah. I mean. you know.
I-I have to work. and...
Your shift ends at 2:00. So does mine.
I'm going home to my wife.
Uh. well. we're just being casual.
It's no big deal.
It's just... It's just a day.
Yeah. the only day he's obligated
to show you a good time.
So. what are you doing
for Valentine's Day?
Me?
Hell.
I put in for a extra shift.
I'm doing whatever I can
to get my mind off romance
- for the night.
- Oh.
So. where you taking her?
And it better not be a salad bar.
Whoa.
No. you know. it'll be someplace.
uh. really nice.
- Okay.
- Yeah?
- Great. Yeah.
- Cool.
Getting kinda late for a rezzy.
Well. I know people.
Oh.
He knows people.
- He knows people.
- Oh. yeah.
Good-bye. Hen. Good-bye. Hen.
Ah...
Um. we gotta go.
Um. tomorrow. How about 7:00?
- Okay. All right.
- Yeah?
- All right. see ya.
- Thanks. Go.
Did you not like it?
It's good. it's just a
little salty for my taste.
Oh. Well. I have a lot of snacks
for our Valentine's Day double feature:
The Notebook and Fatal Attraction.
I'm kidding. I hate The Notebook.
Uh. we can have sex during intermission.
You told me you didn't
want to make a V-Day plan.
so that means we get to do mine instead.
Now is the moment in my schedule
where you give me my gift.
Oh. right.
You mentioned. once.
liking that brand. so...
I like chocolate.
I like Le Vian diamonds.
Real diamonds. not Le Vian
diamond-shaped chocolates.
Did you think I was going
to get you real diamonds?
Ted. I had a plan.
A really specific plan for tonight.
and you're messing it up.
You gave me a $14.00 box of
chocolates for Valentine's Day.
I spent all day cooking
for you and getting waxed
and buying sexy underwear...
I spent hours on tonight.
Maybe you should have spent a
few less hours salting the food.
Okay. that's it. I'm out.
You know. my friends told
me to stay away from you.
Said you had the crazy eyes.
You told me you loved me.
I tell that to everyone.
Okay. you want me to do
this the hard way? Fine.
You're not my only girlfriend.
Okay? I-I can't watch a movie with you
because I've got plans with
another girl later tonight.
Got her the same box of chocolates.
You don't mean anything to me. Melora.
Okay. get out of the way. Melora.
_
LAPD. Open up. please.
Yes?
You all right. ma'am?
Yes. I'm fine.
We got a noise complaint
from one of your neighbors.
Oh. I'm sorry.
I got into a fight with my boyfriend.
It probably got loud.
Is he still here?
No. I'm all alone.
Mind if I come in?
I'll just have a look around?
Sure.
Dumped on Valentine's Day.
Can you believe it?
Yeah. well. men can be dogs.
I just thought he was a good dog.
Thought he would be the one.
Yeah. well. sometimes the
one isn't even the one.
Take it from me. you can be married
- and still feel alone.
- Do you?
Sometimes. yeah.
We all do.
But you're wearing that ring.
Yeah. well. I took a vow.
- That's so beautiful.
- Listen.
Any man who can do this
to you on Valentine's Day.
he ain't worth it.
All right? You're better off
without him... You hear me?
That's from a long time ago.
That was really just a cry for help.
I'll tell you what.
You've been through a lot tonight.
If the blues come back and you feel like
crying out for help.
you make a call and talk to me.
This is my card.
I'll be on duty all night.
You've got a good heart.
Available units.
Available units. 211 in progress.
corner of Beverly and Vermont.
727-L-30. Show me en route.
You okay?
I will be now. Thank you.
I just got some excellent advice
from a very wise woman.
You sure you don't want me to stay?
I feel bad. you and Chimney
having to pull double shifts.
Aw. Chimney's so excited to be back.
he'd work four shifts in
a row if we asked him to.
I already told Gardner
I'd cover the first half
of his day so he could
spend it with his wife.
So I'm good. All right. turn around.
What if I screw this up?
Screw it up?
Well. my advice is don't.
Uh. okay. what happens
if we start having sex?
Why would that happen?
'Cause that's what always
happens... I'm a sex addict.
Self-diagnosed. yeah.
Listen. it's not uncommon
for a guy to use quick. meaningless sex
to avoid real intimacy.
So you're saying. you
know. it might be okay
to sleep with her. just as
long as I'm not a dick about it?
- I didn't say that.
- No?
Is that what you think I said?
- That's what I heard.
- That's not what I said.
Why don't you try this?
Why don't you try something new?
Why don't you try. just once.
getting to know her?
Really get to know her.
Okay...
Wow.
It just jumped ten degrees in here.
You don't look like a whore at all.
Thanks. Mom.
Well... I'm excited.
And with any luck. nobody'll get hurt.
Okay. look. I need you
to stop worrying about
everybody else's wants and feelings.
and start worrying about your own. okay?
Fine. I'm just... I'm excited.
It's Valentine's Day and I'm going out.
Okay. so I should... not
sleep with her tonight.
- Correct.
- Okay.
You should not have sex with her tonight
if you're really interested in her.
A woman like that
deserves a little chivalry.
Chivalry? Okay. I like that.
You know. and... don't be a dick.
You know what. Buck.
I think if you focus
on the first part. the second
part'll take care of itself.
- Geez.
- I got it. I got it. Let me try on this jacket.
- How do I look?
- You look real handsome.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
- Okay. Good.
- Good luck.
I don't want it.
Good luck keeping it in your pants.
No. I'm not... Bobby!
_
I need you to back up. sir.
So. what's the situation here?
12 cars. no fatalities.
But we got a medical transport vehicle
sandwiched in there.
Driver's freaking out.
Says they were delivering
an organ for transplant.
Please. this organ has to get
to Southland Medical immediately.
The patient is critical.
She's prepped and waiting.
I got this.
Buckle up. buttercup.
Uh. what...
what... okay. Whoa.
Whoa. Whoa!
Oh. g...
Hang on.
I don't think we're gonna make it.
Oh. we're gonna make it.
This is unit 727-L-30.
I need a manual traffic
control at the 10 freeway onramp
eastbound at Alameda.
This is uniform. We've got you covered.
Red light. Red...
Red light. Red light! Ah! Whoa. God!
- So. who's the recipient?
- What?
The transplant recipient.
Whose life are we saving?
Her name is Anna Cerritos.
She's a 16-year-old high
school student from Seattle.
Her whole family's flown
out here to be with her.
All right. we got you. Anna.
Whoa. big truck.
White truck. Truck truck!
No. any...! Whoa. whoa. whoa!
Look out!
Here we are.
Thank God.
Thank you. Officer. You may
have saved a life tonight.
Well. I can't think of anything better
than delivering a heart
on Valentine's Day.
That was a kidney.
Kidneys are good.
727-L-30.
this is Dispatch. Come in.
Go for 727-L-30.
Sergeant Grant. police
welfare check requested
at 844 Sanborn. Los Angeles.
Show 727-L-30 responding.
Sergeant Athena. you came.
Uh... I was under the impression
that. uh. you were having distress?
I was having a moment.
Happy Valentine's Day!
Did you know See's Candies is open 24-7?
I just... I wanted to thank
you for your kind words earlier.
Oh...
- I ate all the caramel ones.
- Uh. wh... wait. you know.
this is. this is very
sweet of you. but. um...
You really didn't have to do this.
I just... You were so kind to me.
and I was thinking.
we're both members of
The Lonely Hearts Club.
To The Lonely Hearts Club!
Oh. my God.
Oh. I'm so sorry.
- Oh. here. let me just. um...
- No. Oh. no. no.
No. no. no. no. It's fine. It's fine.
I-I appreciate the thought.
Um. may I use your restroom and then go?
Of course. You're working. I'm sorry.
It's just down the hall to the left.
There's hydrogen peroxide
under the sink if you need it.
- Thank you. I'm fine.
- If that doesn't work.
there's ammonia under there. too.
That works really well on blood.
Melora.
I'm gonna need to get. uh.
your ex-boyfriend's phone
number for my report.
Melora?
Wish you hadn't gone in there.
The superglue's still
drying. It isn't ready yet.
Think this'll work?
I'd actually recommend this one. sir.
Full-bodied red. Pair nicely
with both of your meals.
- Fantastic. That's what we'll go with.
- He's so cute.
Oh. God. I wonder if
he'll ask to see his ID.
What if he asks to see his and not mine?
- Ahh.
- Hey.
You weren't kidding. You
really do know people.
I don't know how you got us in here.
I. uh. I know the owner.
Well. I-I met him. um...
We. uh... we contained a
noxious gas leak for them
- a couple weeks ago. so...
- Oh...
Yeah. just try not to breathe much.
Yeah. do that.
Uh...
Um. uh. no.
It's fine. Uh. he was
really appreciative.
Thank you very much.
Uh. yeah. sure. Tastes like wine to me.
Thank you.
- Uh. you want some bread?
- Oh. no thanks.
- Mind if I?
- Oh. please. Go ahead.
Man. she's pretty.
Her hair's amazing.
Look like that before?
Buck. stop.
Remember. you're not sleeping with her.
I think I can see his muscles
through that jacket.
Cheers. Thank you.
And happy Valentine's Day.
- Cheers.
- Are you finished chewing?
- Mm.
Be cool. I'm not
choking in front of her.
- Oh. you okay?
- Yeah.
Oh. God. Oh. God. Wait. don't
drink. 'cause you could...
Oh. no. Oh. no. Oh. no.
Oh. God. Wait. don't drink.
- Do you know the Heimlich maneuver?
- I do. Get him up.
- Okay.
- Get him up.
He's not breathing.
_
Come on. Buck.
- Call 911.
- We already did.
Call 'em again. Put 'em on speaker.
911. What's your emergency?
It's emergency dispatcher
Abby Clark. Parker Center.
I'm not on site.
I need to speak to Stephanie Gaskins
in Emergency Medical Dispatch.
This is EMD Gaskins.
Steph. it's Abby.
- Abby?
- I've got an adult male.
fully obstructed air pipe.
- Compressions?
- Yes. but he's unconscious.
I can't remove the object.
He stopped breathing two minutes ago.
Another three minutes.
and he's gonna have brain damage.
I need you to walk me through
an emergency tracheotomy.
Abby. have you lost your mind?
Come on.
You know the paramedics are
gonna be at least seven minutes.
I can't let this happen.
I've got to do something.
You got a knife? Something sharp?
And you're going to need something
to keep the airway open.
like a pen or a straw.
A knife a-and a pen
or a straw. something.
- Okay.
- Here.
Thanks.
Find the indentation
between his Adam's apple
and the cricoid cartilage.
Okay.
Yup. Okay. I think I found it.
You're going to make
a horizontal incision.
a half-inch wide
and about half-inch deep.
Oh. my God.
Oh. God.
Oh. God. Okay.
There shouldn't be a lot of blood.
but try to keep it from
leaking into his windpipe.
Okay. I did it.
Okay. stick your finger in. open it up.
Oh. God. Oh. my God. Okay. okay. okay.
Get the pen in there.
Two quick breaths.
Five seconds. Four...
Three... Two. Another quick breath.
Excuse me. excuse me.
Gurney coming through.
It's okay. it's okay. it's
okay. it's okay. it's okay.
- Gurney coming through.
- You're okay.
_
Was the caller the
only one in the house?
As far as I know. but if
not. he could be laid up.
You might have to bust the door open.
Check in there. too.
LAFD. anybody home?
Los Angeles Fire
Department. anybody home?
- All right. Chim. go ahead.
- All right.
Bust it open.
Um...
Hi. Can I help you?
Uh. yes. a man called
911. gave us this address.
Said he had fallen. he was
in some kind of distress.
Male in distress?
No. I'm the only man here.
and pretty sure I'm not in distress.
And the two of you have
been home all night?
I-I was. Alex...
I told her I had to
work on Valentine's Day.
You should have seen how
pissed off she was at me.
But it was all part of the plan.
He came home and
surprised me with flowers
- and takeout from Mr. Chows.
- Yeah. her favorite.
I'm a serious romantic.
So you weren't expecting
him home until later?
Not for hours.
Uh. would you guys mind
if we took a quick peek
around the perimeter?
It's procedure.
Yeah. yeah. Of course. You
want me to show you around?
No. We've got it. You can
get back to your romance.
Yes.
Got it?
Watch your step. there. Captain.
Watch your step.
See anything. Chim?
Nothing over here.
Hey. Chim.
Over here.
Oh. Shh.
- Come here.
- Don't move. Do not move. sir.
- You jumped from up there. didn't you?
- Yeah. Yes.
Okay.
- How many fingers am I holding up?
- Uh. two.
- What day is it?
- Uh. Valentine's Day.
What do you think. Chim? They broken?
There's deformity. They're both broken.
Sir. I'm just gonna stabilize your neck.
There.
- Ah.
- So you sustained
what we call a Casanova Fracture.
What. uh. w-why is it
called a Casanova Fracture?
Well. woman is having an affair.
husband comes home early.
the guy jumps off: Casanova.
Oh. God.
- Chim. you ready?
- Y-ow. ow. ow!
- Sir. take it easy. we're gonna roll you over.
- Careful. No.
- Okay? On the count of three.
- No. No!
- One. two. three.
- No. No.
Oh. God! Oh...
You're okay. You're all right.
You're okay. Yeah. okay.
Oh. God. my leg. Ow!
Mickey?
What the... oh. God.
What the hell is going...?
Was he in here when I got home?
You said you were gonna be at work.
All right. take a
breath. This man has been
severely injured. and you can work this
all out with your wife once we get him
medical attention and
get him out of here.
- She's not my wife.
- She's my wife.
We're separated.
You said it was done
between the two of you.
You asked me to move in here.
I'm sorry. I-I really am.
There's just so much history between us.
So many memories.
Oh. God!
- Baby.
- What?
I am so sorry.
Are you okay?
Uh. I'm okay.
I'm okay. I love you.
I love you.
I love you!
Wait.
Wait. can I ride with him
- to the hospital?
- Yeah. so long
as the divorce papers aren't signed yet.
So was that creepy or romantic?
Eh. a little of both.
Got to love Valentine's Day.
This...
This was supposed to be a surprise.
Ted didn't seem to appreciate the effort
I put into Valentine's Day. but...
he will once I'm done with him.
Once you're done with him?
Melora. you chopped him up and
superglued him back together.
Well. yeah. How would you have done it?
Melora. stop it. Look at me.
Look at me.
You're sick.
And it's not your fault.
You're on so many drugs.
you don't know what you're doing.
No. that's not true.
I know exactly what I'm doing.
And actually. you know what?
I'm so sick of people telling
me what's wrong with me.
There's nothing wrong with my brain.
It's my heart. I have a broken heart.
Melora. you're suffering.
and you've been hurt.
And I can relate.
You have to believe me when I tell you
that heartbreak doesn't last forever.
But some mistakes do.
Now whatever happens after tonight.
the system can-can go
easy on a woman scorned.
but not on one who hurts a cop.
So untie me. I can help you.
but you have to untie me.
Somebody help me. please!
- Help me!
- Well. look who finally woke up.
Who else is here. Melora?
Ashleigh.
The girl Ted was gonna
spend Valentine's Day with.
He met her at the gym because
could he be more of a cliché?
I saw it in their texts.
And then I texted her from his phone
and told her to come here
for a romantic rendezvous...
- Did you hurt her?
- I bashed her over the head
when she came. with a pan.
a couple times. but
not enough. apparently.
'cause she hasn't lost
the ability to speak.
She's not a good person.
She's not like us.
- Please help me!
- Or maybe she's a victim. too.
Maybe Ted duped her.
just like he did you.
No.
Maybe he didn't tell her that
he already had a girlfriend.
No. she knew.
- They probably had a good laugh about me!
- Help. please!
Well. maybe you should bring
her up here so we can find out.
We could talk to her together.
You think I should kill her up here?
No. you shouldn't hurt that girl.
She has to die tonight.
because what if she
tries to get Ted back?
Sweetheart. Ted's dead.
He won't be once I fix him. okay?
Ted was perfect. He had
a job. he was handsome.
the sex was great.
Only problem was that he had an awful.
cheating heart.
He just needs a new heart. a good one.
Help!
- It doesn't work that way.
- Course it does.
You're a really good person. Athena.
You honored your vows.
You were so nice to me.
That's why I had you
come back here tonight
because your heart is
so wonderful and pure.
And if I can take your
heart and put it in Ted.
then all of my dreams come true.
This says I need a handsaw
to get through your rib
cage. I mean. who the heck
has a handsaw just lying around?
Whatever. I'll make it work.
That's what Melora does.
Makes the best out of things.
Creating art from garbage.
Get your hands off of me.
How am I supposed to cut your
heart out if I can't touch you?
Do you know the real
history of Valentine's Day?
It started in Roman times
as a pagan ritual to Lupercalia.
I know this because my daughter
did a report on it for school.
The men of the towns would strip
naked and run down the streets.
beating unmarried women
or infertile women.
because they thought the beatings
would somehow cure them.
Or help find them a husband.
Then. they sacrificed a dog...
That's not true.
It's to celebrate Saint Valentine.
the patron saint of love.
Saint Valentine? Ha!
The patron saint of
epileptics. not lovers.
You're a liar.
And you are a crazy bitch.
Better than a dead one!
Let me in!
I know you're in there.
you piece of garbage!
Hey. stop it.
Where is he?
- Ted! Ted!
- Miss! Miss. hey!
Hey. who are you?
- Where the hell are you?
- Hey! Hey!
Hey! Miss!
Okay. what kind of weird.
kinky crap does he have
- going on over here?
- You need to calm down.
Now. who are you?
I'm Sandra.
Ted made a Valentine's
date with me tonight.
and then. he just stood me up.
Ted! You bastard. I know
you're here. you cheater!
I used Find My Phone
to see where you were!
You signed into your iCloud
on my computer like a damn idiot!
I can track you wherever
you are in this city.
Where is he? I'm gonna kill him.
No. little late for that. honey.
Ted already gave his
heart to someone else.
You were his third date of the evening.
None of which he's gonna
make because he's dead.
727-L-30 requesting R.A. units.
homicide detectives and backup
at my location for a crime scene.
Tell them to send a straitjacket
and a horse tranquilizer.
Are you okay?
Yeah.
Thanks to you.
Happy Valentine's Day.
Help me. she's crazy.
It's okay. it's okay.
Everything's all right now.
All right. let's get you out of here.
Who is she?
She?
She's his second date.
You girls need to do
better at picking men.
Chlorpromazine.
fluphenazine. haloperidol.
These are first-generation
antipsychotics.
Poor girl.
All she wanted was to be loved.
We'll take it from here. Sergeant.
Go home and see your husband.
It's Valentine's Day
for a few more hours.
Hi.
How's he doing?
Mm. Still out of it.
Well. from what I understand.
he'd be completely out it
if it hadn't been for you.
Ah. Well...
You saved his life.
The surgeon told me you did
a pretty impressive job. too.
I'm just mostly trying not
to think about it. really.
Listen. you've had a
pretty traumatic night.
If you don't want to sit here
with him. you don't have to.
- I can do that.
- No. no. no. I-I do. I want to.
I-I'd love the company.
though. if you want to...
Well. some Valentine's Day. huh?
Super romantic.
Well. it's one he'll never forget.
No. It was all going so great.
until I had to cut a hole in his throat.
Valentine's Day rarely works
out the way you expect it to.
You know. that's life. You
got to roll with what comes.
Don't know what's around the corner.
Spoken like a true first responder.
- No. it's straight out of the handbook.
- Yeah. Yes.
Yeah. I remember.
Seem like you could use a cup of coffee.
That's okay. right? I mean. you
can't choke on that. can you?
Well. clearly you've never had
the coffee from here before.
- I'll risk it.
- All right.
- Synced and corrected by VitoSilans -
-- www.Addic7ed.com --